Migration Guide (#1039)
graphprotocol/docs: website/src/pages/en/resources/migration-guides/migrate-from-alchemy.mdx

---
title: Migrate Your Subgraph From Alchemy to The Graph Network
---

# Migrate Your Subgraph From Alchemy to The Graph Network

> This guide walks you through migrating or deploying an existing subgraph to **The Graph**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Goal
Migrate or deploy an existing Subgraph to **The Graph**.  
```

You’ll learn how to build, test locally with **Graph Node Dev Mode (`gnd`)**, and deploy to **The Graph Studio**.

---

## 1. Prerequisites

You’ll need:
- Your subgraph source code (`subgraph.yaml`, `schema.graphql`, `src/mapping.ts`)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org), Yarn, and `graph-cli`:
  ```bash
  npm install -g @graphprotocol/graph-cli
  ```
- A [The Graph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio) account and access token

---

> ## 2. Install the CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Install and Authenticate with CLI
```

```bash
npm install -g @graphprotocol/graph-cli
graph auth --studio <YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN>
```

---

## 3. Prepare and Build

If you don’t already have a project, initialize one:

```bash
graph init --from-contract <CONTRACT_ADDRESS> <SUBGRAPH_NAME>
```

Then build it:

```bash
yarn codegen && yarn build
```

---

## 4. Test Locally with Subgraph Dev Mode

`gnd` lets you run a local Graph Node instance for rapid testing—no IPFS or manual database setup required.

### Install `gnd`

```bash
graph node install
gnd --version
```

### Run Locally

From your subgraph directory:

```bash
gnd --ethereum-rpc mainnet:http://localhost:<PORT> --watch
```

Query your subgraph at:  
`http://localhost:8000/subgraphs/name/subgraph-0/`

> On Windows, include a PostgreSQL connection string:
> ```bash
> gnd --ethereum-rpc mainnet:http://localhost:<PORT> >     --postgres-url "postgresql://graph:yourpassword@localhost:5432/graph-node"
> ```

**Common Flags**
| Flag | Description |
|------|--------------|
| `--watch` | Auto-redeploy when files change |
| `--postgres-url` | Required on Windows |
| `--ethereum-rpc` | RPC endpoint (required) |

---

## 5. Deploy to The Graph Network

> After verifying locally, deploy your subgraph to Studio:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After verifying locally, deploy your Subgraph to Studio:
```

```bash
graph deploy --studio <SUBGRAPH_SLUG>
```

> This publishes your subgraph to The Graph Network through Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command publishes your Subgraph to The Graph Network via Studio.
```

---

## 6. Monitor and Manage

View logs, indexing progress, and query endpoints in your dashboard:

> 🔗 **Dashboard:**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Dashboard:**  
```
